Update Nilearn mission statement to reflect broader utility (#2356)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/index.rst

.. container:: index-paragraph

>     Nilearn is a Python module to enable **powerful and controlled statistical analysis of brain volumes**.

Reviewer: But still also statistical learning tasks (classification, covariance learning, network extraction).

Reviewer 2: Right, but this mission statement must be something very short.

Reviewer 2: I think that I would remove controlled :)

>     Nilearn is a Python module to enable **friendly, efficient, and versatile statistical analysis of brain volumes**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Nilearn is a Python module to enable **efficient and approachable statistical learning and analysis of brain volumes**.
```

Reviewer 3: Light suggestion to highlight that it's now both statistical analysis _and_ statistical learning. I also think the documentation should feature in the mission statement (since it's such a big part of Nilearn), so I've added that as well :smile_cat: LMK what you think !

Reviewer: I find it clear.

>     Nilearn is a Python module to enable **efficient statistical learning and analysis of brain volumes** through **approachable methods and tutorials**.

Reviewer 4: and what about surfaces :smile:

Author: They should be properly scrubbed and cleaned regularly?

Author: Should I add surface as well? I didn't think Nilearn did too much with surfaces, only some basic stuff.

>     It supports GLM based analysis and leverages the `scikit-learn <http://scikit-learn.org>`__ Python toolbox

Reviewer 3: Spelling out the acronym for naive readers :point_down: 

```suggestion
    It supports general linear model (GLM) based analysis and leverages the `scikit-learn <http://scikit-learn.org>`__ Python toolbox
```

Reviewer 4: +1
